== Practice Exam Questions ==

1. Create a 2G swap partition which take effect automatically at boot-start, and it should not
   affect the original swap partition.

2. Configure your hostname, ip address, gateway and dns.

3. Create a volume group and set 16M as a extends. And divided a volume group containing
   50 extends on volume group lv, make it as ext4 file system, and mount it automatically
   under /mnt/data.

4. Find all files owned by harry, and copy it to catalog: /opt/dir

5. Configure an HTTP server, which can be accessed through http://hostname.domain
   Please download the release page from http://ip/dir/example.html

6. Create a 512M partition, make it as ext4 file system, mounted automatically under
   /mnt/data and which take effect automatically at boot-start.

7. Download ftp://192.168.0.254/pub/boot/iso to /root, and mount it automatically under
   /media/cdrom should take effect automatically at boot start.

8. Configure the verification mode of your host account and the password as LDAP. And it
   can ldapuser40. The password is set as "password". And the certificate login successfully
   through
   Can be downloaded from http://ip/dir/ldap.crt. After the user logs on, the user has not host
   directory unless you configure the autofs in the following questions.

9. Configure a task: plan to run echo hello command at 14:23 every day.

10. Create a catalog under /home named admins. Its respective groups is requested to be the
    admin group. The group users could read and write, while other users are not allowed to
    access it. The files created by the users from the same group should also be the admin group.
    
11. Create a volume group and set 8M as a extends. Divide a volume group containing 50
    extends on volume group lv (lvshare), make it as ext4 file system, and mount it
    automatically under /mnt/data. And the size of the floating range should be set between 380M
    and 400M. 
