== RHCSA Practice Exam A ==

1. Bring down the virtual machine you have pre-installed and, and in the KVM software, add an additional 5GiB hard disk to the Virtual Machine.
2. 
3. A repository is available at http://rhatcert.com/repo. Configure your server3 ot use this repository and disable usage of any other repositories.
4. Create four users: bill, bob, betty, and belinda. Set their passwords to expire after 120 days and make sure they get a home directory in 
   /home/users. (This means that, for instance, bill has /home/users/bill as his home directory.)
5. Create two groups: consultants and trainers. Make bill and bob members of the group consultants without overwriting any of their current group 
   memberships. Make belinda and betty members of the group trainers without changing any of their current group memberships.
6. Create a share group environment that meets the following requirements:
    1. The group consultants has full read/write access to the directory /groups/consultants.
    2. The group trainers has full read/write access to the directory /groups/trainers.
    3. bill is the head of the consultants department and should be able to remove files that have been created by any user in /groups/consultants. 
       Any other memebrs of the group consultants shoudl have no rights to remove files thay haven't created themselves.
    4. betty is head of the trainers department and should be able to remove files that have been created by any user in /groups/trainers. Any 
       other members of the group trainers should have no rights to tremove files thay haven't created themselves.
    5. All new files created in /groups/trainers should automatically get group-owned by the group trainers.
    6. All new files created in /groups/consultants should automatically get group-owned by the group consultants.
    7. Members of the group consultants should be able to read files in /groups/trainers.
7. Create an LVM logical volume with the name lvfiles. This volume should have a size of 1GiB, and it should be allocated from a volume with the 
   name vgfiles. Format this volume with the ext4 file system and mount it persistently on the directory /files.
8. Enable the performance profile that optimizes your server for best throughput.
9. Create a scheduled job that will send the message "hello" to the system-logging mechanism at the top of each hour.
10. Make the systemd journal persistent.
