== RHCSA Practice Exam 2 ==

1. Create a virtual machine with the name server4. Make sure it meets the following requirements:
    1. A 20GiB hard disk is available.
    2. The root password is set to "password".
    3. The user "student" is created, with the password "password".
    4. Use custom partitioning to create a 1GiB /boot partition and a 12 GiB / partition.
2. Configure your installation disk as the default repository. Make sure to disable all other repositories.
3. Configure your system to clean up /tmp files every hour.
4. Add two 10GiB hard disks to your virtual machine. Configure one Stratis volume with the name myvol on top of these hard drives and make
   sure the volume is mounted persistently and automatically while booting.
5. Write a shell script that meets the following requirements:
    1. It should evaluate the first argument provided.
    2. When no argument is provided, it should prompt the user for input.
    3. The script should evaluate whether the argument provided exists as a file or a directory, or doesn't exist at all.
    4. If the argument is a file, the script should give a long listing of the filename.
    5. If the argument is a directory, the script should give a long listing of the directory properties.
6. Find all files that have the SUID permission set and write the result to the file /tmp/suid.txt.
7. Create the user lisa. Ensure that she needs to reset her password every 30 days. Ensure that she is able to manage passwords for all users, but
   not the user root.
8. Ensure that user lisa has permission to modify all files in the /etc directory, without changing user or group ownership.
9. On the primary hard disk, use all the remaining disk space for an LVM volume group. In this volume group, create a 2GiB logical volume to be
   used as swap space.
10. On your primary network interface, configure a secondary IP address of 10.0.0.10/24.
11. Practice the procedure to reset a root password, assuming you don't know the current root password.
12. Secure the SSH service, such that only user lisa is allowed to log in.
13. Make sure that after a system restart, the system by default boots a graphical environment. (Even if it is doing this already by default, type
    the command again so that it is in your Bash history.)
14. Configure Bash history such that the last 2500 commands used are written to the history file.
15. Install the vsftpd service.Ensure that it is started automatically after a reboot, and configure it such that anonymous users are able to 
    upload files.
16. Configure your system to use PHP version 7.1 as the default version.
17. Add a new disk to your virtual machine. On this disk, create a VDO volume with a virtual size of 1TiB.
