== RHCSA Sample Exam Assignments ==

* On a virtual machine with a disk with a size of at least 20GiB, install a
  Centos or RHEL 8 server, ensuring that after installation a graphical
  interface is started automatically

* Use custom partitioning and create the following partitions:
    * 1GB /boot
    * 12GB /
    * 1GB swap

* Assume that you have lost access to the root account and cannot log in as
  user root anymore. Reset the root password

* Loop mount the installation disk/ISO that you've used to set up RHEL 8
  Configure the loop-mounted ISO as a repository

* Configure your system to use this repository as the only repository

== Managing Partitions ==

* In the remaining disk space on your server hard disk, add a 1GiB partition.
  Do this in such a way that it's possible to add more partitions later.

* Format this partition with the ext4 file system and set the label dbfiles on
  the partition. Configure your system to mount this partition persistently on
  the directory /dbfiles, using the partition label
  
== Managing Logical Volumes ==

* Create a 2GiB LVM volume group with the name vgdata

* In this volume group, create a 1GiB logical volume with the name lvdata

* Format this logical volume with the XFS file system and mount it
  persistently on the directory /lvdata

* Restart your computer, and after a restart add another 500MiB to the XFS
  file system that was created on top of this logical volume
  
== Creating users and groups ==

* Set passwords for users to expire after 90 days. Also ensure that new
  passwords must have a length of at least 6 characters

* Ensure that while creating new users, an empty file with the name newfile
  is created in their home directories

* Create users victoria and karen. Make them a member of the group
  students as a secondary group membership

* Create users anna and amy. Make them a member of the group profs as a
  secondary group membership
  
== Managing Permissions ==

* Create shared group directories /data/students and /data/profs and ensure
  that members of the group students have full access to /data/students, and
  members of profs have full acess to /data/profs. The others entity should
  have no access at all

* Ensure that all new files in these directories are automatically group-
  owned by the group-owner of the firectory

* Ensure that only the owner of a file is allowed to remove all files

* User anna is head-master and should be allowed to remove all files

* All users from the group profs should have read permissions on all files in
  /data/students
  
== Scheduling Cron Jobs ==

* Schedule a cron job to automatically write the text "hello world" to syslog
  at every 10th minute after the hour. Ensure this message is written with the
  "notice" priority
