TODO:

* [ ] Set up httpd server for svn repos on RHEL7
* [ ] rsync rhel6 repos
* [ ] close ticket for adding admin account to cerberus page in confluence
* [ ] Remove /etc/X11/xorg.conf and replacing with previous version
* [ ] Update /etc/X11/xorg.conf by following the NVIDIA pdf instructions

DONE:

* [X] Configure bamboo-agent (aces-vl58)
* [X] Configure PostgreSQL replica
* [X] Generate scap scans for RHEL7 systems (SEWIP)
* [X] Rack and stack bamboo servers(3)
* [X] Build bamboo servers(3)
* [X] Collapse all atlassian admins groups into one
* [X] Install RealVNC on atep-ldev01
* [X] Work on create*netvm script
* [X] Try to clear space on dda-blade66 bamboo*agent*home
* [X] Change atlassian admin account password
* [X] Move bamboo-agent-home for all remote agents to netapp
* [X] Check scap score difference on new bamboo servers (93.26)
* [X] Start ROD process for aces-vl22
* [X] Submit amds-bamboo server builds
* [X] Fix atlassian suite mounts that were changed on netapp.
* [X] Fix authentication issue with bitbucket-bamboo link
* [X] Finish STIG checklist for lw01 and lw05
* [X] Setup new amds-bamboo servers as remote agents
* [X] Migrate bitbucket database to master-replica instance
* [X] Migrate bamboo database to master-replica instance. [[Steps]].
* [X] Migrate Jira database to the new master-replica instance. [[Jira move steps.]]
* [X] Install all versions of MSLRAD on SEWIP
* [X] Remove SQL instance from Jira, Bitbucket, and Bamboo.
* [X] Set up weekly backups for Jira on master-replica database instance.
* [X] Install python c/c++ package manager on anaconda3 repository.
* [X] STIG checklist for sewip. [[Steps_STIG]].
* [X] Rebuild Sewip systems
* [X] Check scap score for sewip-lw11, sewip-lw12 and sewip-lw13
* [X] Submit sewip-lw11, 12 and 13 systems for approval
* [X] Complete the Central Log Server SRG
* [X] Fix script to create user account on sewip.
* [X] install and configure elasticsearch for bitbucket data-center
* [X] Upgrade Jira from 8.5.6 to 8.13.2
* [X] Upgrade Bitbucket from 7.3.0 to 7.8.0
* [X] Upgrade Confluence from 7.4.1 to 7.4.6
* [X] Upgrade Bamboo from 7.0.3 to 7.2.1
* [X] Change IPv4 method to Static on all Docker Enterprise Nodes
* [X] Update Atlassian suite license on SEWIP
* [X] Check Atlassian licenses
* [X] Check if there are audit rules configured on the MINI-EDM systems
* [X] Move the GPU from old CDS system to the new one
* [X] Set up driver for the new CDS system and configure the three monitors
* [X] Create ansible playbook for oscap scans
* [X] Create splunk index for atlassian logs
* [X] Check Core dumps on sewip rhel6 systems and set the abr service. [[Config]].
* [X] Configure sewip mariadb database to lower case insensitive.
* [X] Check Core dumps on sewip rhel6 systems and set the abr service. [[Config]].
* [X] Configure sewip mariadb database to lower case insensitive.
* [X] Splunk STIG
